docs/index.rst, before:

.. distopia documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Aug 25 23:17:34 2021.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to distopia's documentation!
====================================

:Release: |release|
:Date: |today|

**Distopia** is a package to rapidly calculate distances, angles and dihedrals
under periodic boundary conditions. Explicit SIMD vectorisation allows awesome
speedups over autovectorised code (up to 10x).

Distopia can be used out of the box by building the library using the
instructions in :ref:`Building and testing distopia`,
importing the `distopia.h` header into your awesome code and linking your
program to the `libdistopia` static object.

The core distopia functions and how to use them is described in
:ref:`Core Distopia Functions` . 

**Current Status:**

Distopia is currently under active development and should be considered
**pre 0.1.0**. This means the API is liable to change rapidly without warning.

**OS and compiler support:**

We currently support x86 linux and mac-os machines, and the Clang and GCC
family of compilers. Windows and MSVC support along with explicitly vectorised
ARM code is on the TODO list. x86 SIMD widths up to AVX2 are supported. AVX512
and related extension support is more complicated due to a heterogenous
featureset and is also on the TODO list.

**Participating:**

Ask questions on the mdnalysis-discussion mailing list and be part of the
conversation. You can also join the MDAnalysis Discord Server to talk with
other users and developers. (In order to join our Discord server, use the
following invitation_. Please report bugs or
enhancement requests through the Issue Tracker. Distopia is open source and
welcomes your contributions. Fork the repository on GitHub and submit a pull
request!

.. _invitation: https://discord.gg/fXTSfDJyxE


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   :caption: Contents:
   
   ./building_distopia.rst
   ./api/distopia.rst
   ./api/vector_triple.rst
   ./api/helper_functions.rst
   





Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Update everything to Distopia2 (#103)
* add everything

* add gitmodules

* add gitignore

* try adn fix ci

* add submodules back in

* rename

* add original cmake file back in

* try comment out some cmake

* more ci fixes

* cmake + requirements.txt

* fix requirements.txt

* update CI again

* add recursive submodules

* add cstddef

* add cstddef more places

* temporarily remove tests

* fix cmake build

* add quick ls

* add ctest properly

* actually build the tests

* add conditional test execution

* add test to one of the dispatch versions

* remove conditional runner

* add single exclude

* add single exclude

* add single exclude

* cut down on build

* add one more to dispatch

* fix up docs

* fix docs

* add building instructions

* improve docs

* add changes

* fix conf problems

* fix docs build

* add conda to docs build

* try changing rpath

* fix rpath handling?

docs/index.rst, after:

.. distopia documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Aug 25 23:17:34 2021.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to distopia's documentation!
====================================

:Release: |release|
:Date: |today|

**Distopia** is a package to rapidly calculate distances
under periodic boundary conditions. Explicit SIMD vectorisation allows awesome
speedups over autovectorised code (up to 10x). The distopia package consists of
consists of the python layer (**distopia**) and a C++ library (**libdistopia**)
that does the heavy lifting. 

Distopia can be used out of the box by building the library using the
instructions in :ref:`Building and testing distopia`.

**Current Status:**

Distopia is currently under active development and should be considered
**pre 0.1.0**. This means the API is liable to change rapidly without warning.

**OS and compiler support:**

We currently support x86 linux and mac-os machines, and the Clang and GCC
family of compilers. Windows and MSVC support along with explicitly vectorised
ARM code is on the TODO list. x86_64 SIMD widths up to AVX512 are supported.

**Participating:**

Ask questions on the mdnalysis-discussion mailing list and be part of the
conversation. You can also join the MDAnalysis Discord Server to talk with
other users and developers. (In order to join our Discord server, use the
following invitation_. Please report bugs or
enhancement requests through the Issue Tracker. Distopia is open source and
welcomes your contributions. Fork the repository on GitHub and submit a pull
request!

.. _invitation: https://discord.gg/fXTSfDJyxE


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 4
   :caption: Contents:
   
   ./building_distopia.rst
   ./api/distopia.rst
   ./api/libdistopia.rst
   





Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
